Date of filing of application number => 03/04/2001
Title => FOLDABLE CONTAINER FOR VEHICLES 
 

International Classification => B 65 D 88/52 (71) 
Abstract => The present invention is a sea/land going container 
for the transportation of a vehicle, with dimensions 
and structure, such that two of these sea/land going 
containers piled one on top of the other, form one 
sea/land going container with two levels, of the 
dimensions and structure of a sea/land going 
container required by ISO STANDARDTS. The 
sea/land going container, according to the present 
invention, comprised of a transportation platform (1) 
to carry the vehicle during transportation, rail 
depression (4) of the transportation platform on 
which the wheels of the vehicle are inserted to 
increase the maximum possible height for 
transportation in such a sea/land going container and 
for the purpose of anchoring the vehicle during 
transportation, four beams (2) are installed in the 
corners of the transportation platform in a force 
structure enabling the loading of more sea/land going 
containers with a load capacity of 30 tons and 
connectors (7) complying with ISO STANDARDTS 
in quantity and locations determined by the standard, 
for connecting the sea/land going containers one to 
the other for loading purposes and connecting to 
adjacent sea/land going containers or to means of 
transportation. 
  
 
 Figure:2 

