Date of filing of application number => 06/06/2001
Title => CONTROL OF DATA FLOW TO A MOBILE STATION. 
 

International Classification => H 04 Q 7/22 (71) 
Abstract => The present invention relates to a mobile station (MS), a 
method and a node (MS, HLR, MSC, VLR) in a mobile 
communications system (PLMN). The invention 
addresses the problem of the interference caused to a 
circuit-switched transaction by a non-circuit-switched 
transaction that is ongoing in parallel with the same 
mobile station (MS). It is normally a USSD transaction 
(USSD) that impairs the quality of a speech connection 
(TCH). The present invention provides a method which 
enables a user (A) of the mobile station to give in 
advance an upper data flow limit in the non-circuit-
switched transaction. Control mechanisms in the mobile 
communications system then limit the data flow in 
accordance with said upper limit. The control is 
managed by an inventive mobile station or by the mobile 
switching centre (MSC). The advantage gained is that a 
smaller data flow results in less interference on the 
speech connection. Impairment of the speech connection 
can be rectified to a limited extend with the aid of 
coding. 
  
 
Figure : 1. 
 
TOTAL PAGES : 25. 

