Date of filing of application number => 31/12/2001
Title => SWITCHING POWER SUPPLY 
 

International Classification => H02M 3/338 
Name of inventor => 1. YASUMURA MASAYUKI  
 

Abstract => A power supply uses a switching 
element of a desired voltage withstanding property to 
obtaina desired conversion output. The power supply 
includes a converter transformer having primary 
andsecondary windings loosely coupled to one another, 
and an auxiliary winding with a predeterminednumber of 
turns wound contiguously from one end of the primary 
winding to an end portion of theconverter transformer. 
An input voltage smoothing capacitor is connected on 
one side to an end ofthe primary winding of the 
converter transformer through a forwardly directed 
diode. A switchingelement is connected to the other end 
of the primary winding. A control circuit controls the 
switchingelement to perform switching so that an output 
voltage of the secondary winding has a 
predeterminedvoltage value (or is within a 
predetermined voltage range). A second capacitor is 
coupled acrossopposite ends of the auxiliary winding via 
the forwardly directed diode, to boost-up voltage 
appliedto the converter transformer. 
  
Figure: 1. 
Total Pages: - 32 
 

